There are several issue with this project overview whole project and tell me what are problem here.. Let me tell you what i'm aiming to achieve. this project is multivendor so there is 3 end point those are client,vendor,admin. my  project is ecommerce for wholesale targeting only agro products. I want to make a system that will help me to break agro/farming syndicate in bangladesh. So in my platform the user is actully shop owner and vendor is the producer. vendor sell there agro product in bulk and user have to purchase minimum quantity/kg/packet which will be set by the vendor. I want to implement some unique feature where a vendor can exchange there produce with another vendor if that vendor accept the proposal which im calling bartering system and user can negotiate price with vendor so my project will contain the messaging system for vendor-vendor and user-vendor.  And heres some most important that will help to stop the syndicate 1.After creating a vendor account vendor have to complete there profile by Sharing there information like There Personal photo, KYC document, NID photo, Trade License or any goverment document that proves he/she is farmer or agro producer , location and any other thing that is important. 2.When a vendor complete their profile by providing all their document then the data will show in admin dashboard where a admin will cross check the provided data by vendor and accept/reject the vendor. a vendor cant add any product until the admin approve. 3. After a vendor add a product it wont show to the application until Admin approves the product. 4. If a user purchasing too much product at a time for example 1000kg of Cow feed, 2000pcs of egg it will need admin approval because it might be someone who will store those product to create artificial shortage in the market. 5. A admin is the superior so admin can remove any product. These 5 are core system for my project And addditional features for admin and vendor are Admin can add vendors product to featured or vendors product will automatically  show in the featured if vendor paid taka for showing in featured, the pricing of showing in featured will varries by how long a vendor want to advertise there produce in the featured products. One thing to remember the payment gateway will use SSLCOMMERZ SandBox  so my project have to follow all required thing to successsfully implement the SSLCOMMERZ SandBox for payment. Now overview my whole project and tell me what nedded to be fixed. what step i should complete first and what are the mistake i have already done while developing thins project. I'm going to use this windsurf for full project deployment.